
                            
                    
                                                    1 tbs olive oil
                                            
                
                            
                    
                                                    1 leek, pale section only, thickly sliced
                                            
                
                            
                    
                                                    1 garlic clove, crushed
                                            
                
                            
                    
                                                    1 zucchini, ends trimmed, coarsely chopped
                                            
                
                            
                    
                                                    1 head broccoli, florets and stems coarsely chopped
                                            
                
                            
                    
                                                    1 brushed potato, peeled, coarsely chopped
                                            
                
                            
                    
                                                                                4 cups (1L) chicken or vegetable stock
                                                                        
                
                            
                    
                                                    1 cup (120g) frozen peas
                                            
                
                            
                    
                                                    1/2 cup (125ml) thickened cream
                                            
                
                            
                    
                                                    Zucchini noodles, to serve
                                            
                
                            
                    
                                                    Flat-leaf parsley leaves, to serve
                                            
                
                            
                    
                                                    Chopped chives, to serve
                                            
                
                    


                
                    Step 1
                
                
                    Heat the oil in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add the leek and garlic and cook, stirring, for 5 mins or until leek softens. Add the zucchini, broccoli, potato and stock and bring to the boil. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer, stirring occasionally, for 15 mins or until broccoli stems are very tender.
                
                            
                
                    Step 2
                
                
                    Add the peas and cream and cook for 2 mins or until heated through. Remove from heat. Cool slightly. Use a stick blender to blend until smooth. Season. 3. Divide the soup among serving bowls. Top with zucchini noodles. Sprinkle with parsley and chives and serve immediately.
                
                            