
                            
                    
                                                    800g baby potatoes
                                            
                
                            
                    
                                                                                2 chicken breast fillets, halved horizontally
                                                                        
                
                            
                    
                                                    4 slices prosciutto
                                            
                
                            
                    
                                                    8 sage leaves
                                            
                
                            
                    
                                                    20g butter
                                            
                
                            
                    
                                                    1 tbs olive oil
                                            
                
                            
                    
                                                    1 tbs chopped sage
                                            
                
                            
                    
                                                    120g pkt mixed salad leaves
                                            
                
                    


                
                    Step 1
                
                
                    Cook potatoes in a saucepan of boiling water for 15 mins or until tender.
                
                            
                
                    Step 2
                
                
                    Meanwhile, place the chicken between 2 sheets of plastic wrap. Use a rolling pin or meat mallet to gently pound until 1cm thick. Place 1 prosciutto slice on a clean work surface. Top with 2 sage leaves. Place 1 piece of chicken in the centre and wrap the prosciutto around the chicken, pressing firmly to secure. Repeat with the remaining prosciutto, sage leaves and chicken.
                
                            
                
                    Step 3
                
                
                    Add the butter and oil to a large frying pan over medium heat. Place the chicken, sage-side up, in the pan and cook for 2 mins. Turn and cook for a further 2 mins or until chicken is golden brown and cooked through. Transfer to a plate and loosely cover with foil.
                
                            
                
                    Step 4
                
                
                    Drain the potatoes. Add to the pan with the chopped sage. Toss to coat.
                
                            
                
                    Step 5
                
                
                    Divide chicken, potatoes and salad leaves among serving plates. Season.
                
                            