
                            
                    
                                                                                1 large Granny Smith apple
                                                                        
                
                            
                    
                                                    1 large Pink Lady apple
                                            
                
                            
                    
                                                    1 cup (280g) fruit-flavoured yoghurt
                                            
                
                            
                    
                                                    Chopped strawberry, to serve
                                            
                
                            
                    
                                                    Toasted muesli, to serve
                                            
                
                            
                    
                                                    Chopped orange, to serve
                                            
                
                            
                    
                                                    Crushed banana chips, to serve
                                            
                
                            
                    
                                                    Halved blueberries, to serve
                                            
                
                            
                    
                                                    Sunflower seeds, to serve
                                            
                
                            
                    
                                                    Halved grapes, to serve
                                            
                
                            
                    
                                                    Chopped kiwifruit, to serve
                                            
                
                            
                    
                                                    Pepitas (pumpkin seeds), to serve
                                            
                
                    


                
                    Step 1
                
                
                    Core apples and cut each apple crossways into 1cm-thick slices.
                
                            
                
                    Step 2
                
                
                    To make sweet strawberry and muesli doughnuts, spoon over yoghurt. Sprinkle with strawberry and muesli.
                
                            
                
                    Step 3
                
                
                    To make sunny orange and banana chip doughnuts, spoon over yoghurt. Sprinkle with orange and banana chip.
                
                            
                
                    Step 4
                
                
                    To make pretty blueberry and seeds doughnuts, spoon over yoghurt. Sprinkle with blueberry and sunflower seeds.
                
                            
                
                    Step 5
                
                
                    To make crunchy grape and muesli doughnuts, spoon over yoghurt. Sprinkle with grape and muesli.
                
                            
                
                    Step 6
                
                
                    To make clever kiwifruit and pepita doughnuts, spoon over yoghurt. Sprinkle with kiwifruit and pepitas.
                
                            
                
                    Step 7
                
                
                    Serve apple doughnuts immediately
                
                            